Q1. In this case this is not a rectangular structure. We are told that the matrix contains in both rows and columns the names of 10 people. In a structure we call rectangular, the rows represent entities conected by some characteristic, and the columns the vareables that describe this entities. In this case both rows and columns hold the same information, and the only relation that the table represents is friendship in the intersections with the respective values of 0 and 1.

-> Entidades X Entidades :
-> justificamos pela definição 

>>>

Q2. Standard error = square_root(RSS/(n-2)), represents a measure for how much the estimated results differ from the real measures and therefore gives us a measure for how much the estimated result might difer from the expected or real world ones.

-> distancia que existe entre o modelo e o datapoints usados para criar o modelo
-> distancia entre o modelo que tenho e os dados que estao por tras

>>>

Q3. To produce the regression model, we need to compute the B0(beta_0) and B1(beta_1) values. The optimal result will be the one that results in the least values for the residual sum of squares, that is calculated by summing the square of all the variance values for each data point in the data set between the model and the real measures. 

-> mininizando da soma de residuaus ao quadrado

>>>

Q4. E(error) = y - y', is a value that is hard to predict or understantd. We need to consider it when producing estimation models because often the measures in the real world for any scenario show us that results get influenced by a number of factors that we might not be taking into consideration or that are present without our knoledge. Even if we know for a fact that a certant dependent vareable is dependent of x,y,z independent vareables, there might be something else afecting measures or results that we will call E(error) in our model.

-> ~

>>>

Q5. B1(beta_1) represents the real value while B1'(beta_1_hat) represents the aproximation calculated for the linear regression model.

-> mais ou menos, podia so dizer b1' é o estimador de b1

>>>
